By the time we arrive at the party, the music will have been playing for two hours.
In a year's time, I will have been studying Spanish for three years.
By the end of the week, I will have been working on this project for six days.
By the time you wake up, I will have been exercising for an hour.
In two weeks, the flowers will have been blooming for a month.
By the time I finish this book, I will have been reading for three hours.
In a few months, I will have been living in this city for two years.
By the time we reach the beach, the sun will have been shining for three hours.
In a year, I will have been teaching at this school for ten years.
By the time the game ends, the players will have been playing for two hours.
In two weeks, I will have been working at this job for three years.
By the time we get to the airport, the plane will have been boarding for an hour.
In six months, I will have been practicing yoga for five years.
By the time the concert starts, the band will have been rehearsing for two hours.
In a year's time, I will have been saving for a down payment on a house for three years.
By the time the party ends, the guests will have been socializing for four hours.
In two weeks, I will have been volunteering at the shelter for six months.
By the time I finish this painting, I will have been working on it for five hours.
In a year, I will have been running my own business for three years.
By the time we arrive at the hotel, the staff will have been preparing our room for an hour.
In a few months, I will have been practicing the piano for ten years.
By the time the movie starts, the previews will have been playing for fifteen minutes.
In two weeks, I will have been studying for my final exams for a month.
By the time the baby is born, I will have been pregnant for nine months.
In a year's time, I will have been working for this company for five years.
By the time we reach the summit, we will have been hiking for six hours.
In a few months, I will have been practicing meditation for three years.
By the time the ceremony begins, the guests will have been arriving for an hour.
In two weeks, I will have been writing this book for six months.
By the time the store closes, the staff will have been working for nine hours.
In a year, I will have been traveling the world for two years.
By the time the race ends, the runners will have been running for four hours.
In two weeks, I will have been taking care of my garden for a month.
By the time I finish this essay, I will have been writing for three hours.
In a year's time, I will have been practicing law for ten years.
By the time the flight lands, the passengers will have been traveling for eight hours.
In a few months, I will have been studying for my master's degree for two years.
By the time the party starts, the hosts will have been preparing for three hours.
In two weeks, I will have been learning to play the guitar for six months.
By the time the game is over, the fans will have been cheering for three hours.
By the end of next month, I will have been working at this company for five years.
By the time I finish my degree, I will have been studying for six years.
In a year's time, we will have been living in this city for a decade.
By the time the project is complete, we will have been collaborating for nine months.
In five years, she will have been running her own business for a decade.
By next summer, I will have been practicing yoga for three years.
In a few months' time, he will have been learning Spanish for two years.
By the end of the year, they will have been married for 25 years.
By the time I retire, I will have been working for 40 years.
In a decade's time, we will have been exploring the possibilities of artificial intelligence for over 15 years.
I will not have been waiting for you for two hours.
She will not have been studying all night.
They will not have been working overtime for three weeks.
He will not have been practicing guitar for six months.
We will not have been traveling for ten days straight.
You will not have been exercising every day for a year.
The plant will not have been growing properly for months.
The car will not have been running smoothly for a while.
The team will not have been winning consistently for the season.
The project will not have been progressing as planned.
The stock market will not have been performing well for the quarter.
The weather will not have been improving for weeks.
The traffic will not have been flowing smoothly for hours.
The construction will not have been progressing on schedule.
The students will not have been paying attention in class for weeks.
The cat will not have been sleeping peacefully for hours.
The phone will not have been ringing non-stop for hours.
The computer will not have been functioning properly for days.
The airplane will not have been flying smoothly for hours.
The restaurant will not have been serving good food for months.
The music will not have been playing loudly for hours.
The battery will not have been lasting for long.
The festival will not have been going on for a week.
The park will not have been open for long hours.
The museum will not have been showcasing new exhibits for months.
The store will not have been offering discounts for long.
The party will not have been going on for too long.
The show will not have been airing new episodes for months.
The meeting will not have been productive for hours.
The book will not have been holding my attention for long.
The recipe will not have been turning out well for a while.
The game will not have been enjoyable for long.
The app will not have been working properly for a while.
The job will not have been fulfilling for months.
The movie will not have been interesting for long.
The workout will not have been effective for weeks.
The lecture will not have been engaging for long.
The interview will not have been going well for a while.
The conversation will not have been flowing naturally for long.
The party decorations will not have been looking good for a while.
The medicine will not have been working for a long time.
The flowers will not have been blooming for long.
The hair dye will not have been lasting for a while.
The pain will not have been subsiding for long.
The headache will not have been going away for a while.
The relationship will not have been working out for a long time.
The diet will not have been working for a while.
The therapy will not have been helpful for a while.
The training will not have been effective for a while.
The therapy will not have been helping me deal with my problems for long.
Will you have been studying for four hours by the time the exam starts?
Will they have been living in New York for ten years by next summer?
Will she have been practicing the piano for six months by the recital?
Will he have been working at the company for five years by the end of the month?
Will you have been saving up for your trip for a year by the time you leave?
Will they have been running the marathon for six hours by the time they cross the finish line?
Will she have been writing her book for two years by the time it gets published?
Will he have been training for the Olympic Games for three years by the time they begin?
Will you have been taking care of the garden for four weeks by the time the flowers bloom?
Will they have been renovating the house for three months by the time they move in?
Will she have been learning French for a year by the time she goes to Paris?
Will he have been practicing meditation for six months by the end of the year?
Will you have been volunteering at the shelter for two years by next summer?
Will they have been traveling around the world for a year by the time they return?
Will she have been studying medicine for five years by the time she graduates?
Will he have been learning to play the guitar for three years by the time he performs on stage?
Will you have been working on the project for six months by the deadline?
Will they have been taking care of their baby for a year by the time their first birthday comes around?
Will she have been teaching at the school for ten years by the time she retires?
Will he have been working on his startup for three years by the time it becomes profitable?
Will you have been practicing yoga for five years by the time you become an instructor?
Will they have been hiking the Appalachian Trail for three months by the time they reach the end?
Will she have been writing her dissertation for two years by the defense date?
Will he have been working on his book for four years by the time it gets published?
Will you have been learning to code for a year by the time you land your first programming job?
Will they have been building their dream house for five years by the time they move in?
Will she have been practicing ballet for eight years by the time she auditions for the company?
Will he have been studying for his law degree for four years by the time he takes the bar exam?
Will you have been training for the triathlon for six months by the race day?
Will they have been working on their art project for a year by the exhibition opening?
Will she have been teaching English in Japan for three years by the end of her contract?
Will he have been practicing his public speaking skills for six months by the time he gives the keynote speech?
Will you have been learning a new language for a year by the time you go on your exchange program?
Will they have been working on their documentary for two years by the premiere date?
Will she have been coaching the soccer team for ten years by the time they win the championship?
Will he have been saving up for his retirement for twenty years by the time he retires?
Will you have been practicing your public relations skills for three months by the pitch day?
Will they have been working on their scientific research project for five years by the time they publish their findings?
Will you have been studying for your exam for three hours by the time I arrive?
How long will you have been living in this city when your lease ends?
By what time tomorrow will you have been working on this project for two days straight?
Will you have been traveling around the world for a year when you finally return home?
How long will you have been practicing the piano by the time of your recital?
By next summer, how long will you have been learning French for?
Will you have been running the marathon for six hours when you cross the finish line?
How long will you have been waiting for your flight by the time it finally takes off?
Will you have been exercising for an hour when your personal trainer arrives?
By the end of the month, how long will you have been saving money for your vacation?
How long will you have been writing your novel by the time you finish the last chapter?
Will you have been working at this company for ten years when you retire?
Will you have been studying for the exam for five hours by the time I arrive?
How long will you have been working on that project by the end of the day?
Will they have been living in that house for ten years next month?
How long will you have been jogging by the time you complete your marathon?
Will he have been playing the piano for an hour when you arrive?
How long will you have been cooking when the guests arrive?
Will she have been watching TV all evening by the time her favorite show comes on?
How long will you have been waiting for the bus when it finally arrives?
Will they have been traveling for three weeks by the time they reach their destination?
How long will you have been practicing guitar by the time of your performance?
Will he have been writing his book for two years when it's finally published?
How long will you have been learning a new language by the end of the month?
Will you have been meditating for 30 minutes when the alarm goes off?
How long will you have been walking when you reach the top of the mountain?
Will they have been discussing the topic for an hour by the time the meeting starts?
How long will you have been reading the book when you finish it?
Will she have been working out for an hour when you meet her at the gym?
How long will you have been waiting in line when your turn finally comes?
Will they have been dating for a year when their anniversary comes?
How long will you have been driving when you reach your destination?
Will you have been taking care of the baby all day by the time your spouse comes home?
How long will you have been studying English when you take the TOEFL exam?
Will they have been renovating their house for six months when it's completed?
How long will you have been watching the movie when it ends?
Will she have been singing for two hours when the concert ends?
How long will you have been hiking when you reach the campsite?
Will they have been practicing yoga for a week when the retreat ends?
How long will you have been swimming when you complete your triathlon?
Will he have been playing video games for four hours when it's time for dinner?
How long will you have been dancing when the party ends?
Will they have been waiting for a table at the restaurant for 45 minutes when they are finally seated?
How long will you have been playing tennis when the match ends?
Will she have been studying law for three years when she graduates?
How long will you have been running when you finish your marathon?
Will they have been volunteering at the shelter for a month when they adopt their pet?
How long will you have been working on your thesis when you defend it?
Will you have been practicing mindfulness for a week when you notice the benefits?
How long will you have been snowboarding when the resort closes for the day?
Will they have been working on their startup for a year when they launch it?
How long will you have been waiting for your flight when it finally boards?
Will he have been studying medicine for five years when he becomes a doctor?
How long will you have been traveling when you reach your final destination?
Will they have been dating for six months when they move in together?
How long will you have been biking when you reach the finish line?
Will you have been working for this company for 10 years by the end of next year?
How long will you have been studying for your degree by the time you graduate?
Will they have been living in the same house for 20 years when they finally decide to move?
How many hours will you have been exercising per week by the end of this month?
Will the construction workers have been building the skyscraper for 3 years when it's completed?
How much progress will you have been making on your project by the time the deadline arrives?