I was reading a book.
They were laughing at the joke.
She was cooking dinner.
He was jogging in the park.
We were watching a movie.
They were playing video games.
She was singing in the shower.
He was playing guitar on the porch.
They were studying for the exam.
She was painting a portrait.
He was swimming in the pool.
They were hiking in the mountains.
She was knitting a sweater.
He was writing a novel.
We were driving to the beach.
They were dancing at the party.
She was taking a nap on the couch.
He was playing basketball with his friends.
They were working on a group project.
She was practicing yoga in the backyard.
He was fixing his car in the garage.
They were chatting over coffee.
She was baking a cake for the party.
He was mowing the lawn.
We were planning our vacation.
They were listening to music on the radio.
She was playing with her dog in the park.
He was helping his neighbor with some yard work.
They were discussing politics at the dinner table.
She was sewing a dress.
He was practicing his tennis serve.
We were having a picnic in the park.
They were meditating in the garden.
She was applying makeup before the party.
He was building a birdhouse in the backyard.
They were arranging flowers in a vase.
She was gardening in the backyard.
He was studying for his driver's test.
They were painting the living room.
She was rearranging the furniture in the bedroom.
He was installing a new light fixture.
They were practicing a play for the school talent show.
She was baking cookies in the kitchen.
He was teaching his son how to ride a bike.
We were exploring a new city.
They were renovating their kitchen.
She was jogging on the treadmill.
He was playing soccer with his friends.
They were discussing business strategies in the boardroom.
She was enjoying a cup of tea on the balcony.
I was not studying for the test.
She was not cooking dinner last night.
They were not playing soccer in the park.
He was not writing his book at that time.
We were not attending the meeting this morning.
The kids were not watching TV all day.
She was not dancing at the party last night.
He was not working on the project last weekend.
They were not jogging in the park yesterday.
I was not reading a book during the flight.
She was not playing the guitar during the concert.
He was not driving to the store at that time.
They were not chatting with their friends on the phone.
We were not shopping at the mall yesterday.
The students were not taking notes during the lecture.
He was not painting the house last month.
She was not surfing the internet all day.
They were not hiking in the mountains last weekend.
I was not baking cookies for the party.
We were not sunbathing at the beach yesterday.
The company was not launching a new product last quarter.
He was not singing a song during the concert.
She was not swimming in the pool last weekend.
They were not attending the class this afternoon.
I was not practicing my piano skills yesterday.
We were not cleaning the house this morning.
The dog was not barking at the mailman.
She was not writing an email to her boss.
He was not playing video games all night.
They were not camping in the woods last summer.
I was not watching a movie at that time.
We were not jogging on the treadmill this morning.
The kids were not playing with their toys in the room.
She was not typing a report during the meeting.
He was not reading a novel at that moment.
They were not baking a cake for the party.
I was not taking a shower at that time.
We were not listening to music this afternoon.
The bird was not chirping in the tree.
She was not playing tennis with her friends.
He was not sleeping in his bed at that time.
They were not writing their essays for school.
I was not attending the conference last week.
We were not cooking dinner together.
The car was not driving on the highway.
She was not knitting a sweater during the flight.
He was not watching TV during the game.
They were not walking in the park this morning.
I was not drinking coffee at that moment.
We were not playing board games all day.
I wasn't walking to work yesterday.
They weren't talking to each other when I arrived.
He wasn't studying for the test at that time.
She wasn't watching the movie with us last night.
We weren't cooking dinner when the guests arrived.
They weren't playing football in the park at that time.
She wasn't dancing with anyone at the party.
He wasn't typing the report when the computer crashed.
They weren't singing along to the song on the radio.
I wasn't swimming in the pool when it started raining.
She wasn't painting a picture when I entered the room.
He wasn't driving to work when he got the call.
They weren't cleaning the house when the doorbell rang.
We weren't playing board games last night.
She wasn't reading a book during the lecture.
He wasn't watching TV at that time.
They weren't arguing about politics when I entered the room.
I wasn't eating breakfast when the phone rang.
She wasn't taking a shower when the power went out.
He wasn't running in the park when it started snowing.
They weren't camping in the woods during the storm.
I wasn't studying for the exam when my friends called.
She wasn't shopping at the mall at that time.
He wasn't teaching the class when the fire alarm went off.
They weren't enjoying the concert because of the bad acoustics.
We weren't hiking up the mountain during the landslide.
She wasn't baking a cake when the oven malfunctioned.
He wasn't playing the guitar when the strings broke.
They weren't having a picnic in the park during the thunderstorm.
I wasn't reading the newspaper during the earthquake.
She wasn't taking a nap when the phone rang.
He wasn't playing basketball when he twisted his ankle.
They weren't attending the conference due to scheduling conflicts.
We weren't watching the sunset at the beach when the storm hit.
She wasn't writing a letter when the pen ran out of ink.
He wasn't riding his bike when the tire went flat.
They weren't discussing their travel plans during the blackout.
I wasn't walking the dog when it started to rain.
She wasn't working on her thesis when the computer froze.
He wasn't playing video games when the power outage occurred.
They weren't rehearsing for the play during the fire drill.
We weren't watching the stars at the observatory when the telescope malfunctioned.
She wasn't playing the piano when the keys jammed.
He wasn't jogging in the park when he heard the news.
They weren't waiting in line for tickets during the technical difficulties.
I wasn't practicing yoga when the alarm went off.
She wasn't fixing the car when the wrench slipped.
He wasn't snowboarding when the fog rolled in.
They weren't sunbathing at the beach during the hailstorm.
We weren't having a barbecue in the backyard during the tornado warning.
What were you doing at 8 pm last night?
Were you watching a movie when I called?
What were you thinking when you made that decision?
Were you listening to music while you were cooking dinner?
What were you wearing when you met him?
Were you sleeping when the storm started?
What were you reading when you realized you were late?
Were you studying when your friend came over?
What were you saying when you interrupted me?
Were you playing tennis when it started raining?
What were you eating when you found out the news?
Were you driving when you saw the accident?
What were you feeling when you heard the good news?
Were you typing when the computer crashed?
What were you singing when your friend walked in?
Were you walking when you saw the beautiful sunset?
What were you doing when the power went out?
Were you exercising when you sprained your ankle?
What were you writing when you ran out of ink?
Were you daydreaming when the teacher called on you?
What were you wearing when you went to the party?
Were you talking to your friends when I came in?
What were you watching when the commercial came on?
Were you working on a project when you got the email?
What were you feeling when you heard the sad news?
Were you swimming when you saw the dolphin?
What were you doing when you realized you lost your keys?
Were you singing in the shower this morning?
What were you studying when you fell asleep?
Were you laughing when your friend told that joke?
What were you wearing when you went on that job interview?
Were you listening to the radio when you heard the traffic report?
What were you eating when you tasted something strange?
Were you shopping when you ran into your ex?
What were you feeling when you saw the sunrise?
Were you brushing your teeth when you heard the doorbell?
What were you doing when you heard the phone ring?
Were you playing with your dog when you got the package?
What were you watching when the credits started rolling?
Were you working when you got the text message?
What were you thinking when you made that mistake?
Were you singing along to the song on the radio?
What were you wearing when you went on vacation?
Were you talking on the phone when I walked in?
What were you doing when you broke your glasses?
Were you painting when you ran out of paint?
What were you feeling when you got the surprise party invitation?
Were you typing when the phone rang?
What were you cooking when you realized you were out of salt?
Were you watching the sunset when the stars came out?
I was cooking dinner last night when the phone rang.
The kids were playing outside while the adults were chatting inside.
She was watching TV while he was studying for his exam.
They were walking on the beach when they found a seashell.
He was listening to music while working on his project.
The dog was barking loudly while the mailman was delivering the mail.
We were hiking in the mountains when it started to rain.
She was dancing to the music while he was playing the guitar.
The sun was shining and the birds were chirping while they were having a picnic.
I was reading a book while waiting for my flight at the airport.
They were laughing and having fun at the amusement park.
The baby was sleeping peacefully while the parents were watching TV.
The students were writing essays in the library.
He was cooking breakfast for his family on a lazy Sunday morning.
The football players were practicing on the field while the cheerleaders were rehearsing their routine.
She was painting a beautiful landscape while he was taking pictures of the scenery.
They were discussing their plans for the weekend over dinner.
The musicians were rehearsing their pieces for the concert.
I was enjoying the beautiful sunset while sipping on my coffee.
He was playing chess with his friend while his wife was reading a book.
They were working on their group project at the library.
She was playing the piano while he was singing along.
The children were playing games and having fun at the park.
He was jogging in the park while listening to his favorite music.
They were enjoying the warm weather by sunbathing on the beach.
She was practicing her dance routine while her friend was giving her feedback.
The workers were repairing the road while the cars were passing by slowly.
He was writing a novel while sipping on his coffee.
They were watching a movie while eating popcorn on the couch.
She was studying for her final exams while her roommate was listening to music.
The birds were singing and the flowers were blooming in the garden.
He was swimming laps in the pool while his wife was sunbathing on the deck.
They were exploring the city and taking pictures of the landmarks.
She was playing video games while her brother was watching her play.
The chefs were cooking delicious meals in the restaurant kitchen.
He was practicing his basketball skills while his friends were cheering him on.
They were attending a concert and singing along to their favorite songs.
She was trying on different outfits for the party while her friend was helping her choose.
The passengers were boarding the plane while the flight attendants were checking their tickets.
He was teaching his son how to ride a bike in the park.
They were walking in the park and enjoying the beautiful scenery.
She was baking a cake while her daughter was decorating it with frosting.
The athletes were training hard for the upcoming competition.
He was working on his laptop while sipping on his tea.
They were having a picnic and playing games in the park.
She was doing yoga and meditating in the garden.
The children were playing hide-and-seek and having fun.
He was driving his car and singing along to the radio.
They were having a barbecue and grilling burgers and hotdogs.
She was gardening and planting flowers in the backyard.
I wasn't watching TV when you called me.
She wasn't playing tennis at that time.
They weren't singing when we entered the room.
He wasn't driving his car very fast.
We weren't eating dinner when the power went out.
She wasn't studying for her exam at that moment.
They weren't walking in the park when it started raining.
He wasn't listening to music while working.
We weren't cooking dinner when our guests arrived.
She wasn't playing the piano when I came home.
They weren't playing video games all day long.
He wasn't sleeping when the phone rang.
We weren't watching a movie when the storm hit.
She wasn't chatting with her friends when her boss came in.
They weren't watching the sunset when the mosquitoes came out.
He wasn't studying for his exam at that time.
We weren't exercising at the gym when it closed.
She wasn't taking a shower when the doorbell rang.
They weren't playing basketball when it started snowing.
He wasn't fixing his car when the tire went flat.
We weren't reading a book when the fire alarm went off.
She wasn't baking a cake when the oven broke down.
They weren't hiking in the mountains when the fog came in.
He wasn't watching the news when the earthquake hit.
We weren't sunbathing when the thunderstorm started.
She wasn't shopping when she ran out of money.
They weren't studying together when the library closed.
He wasn't playing guitar when the strings broke.
We weren't swimming when the lifeguard blew the whistle.
She wasn't painting when she ran out of paint.
They weren't walking in the park when the dog attacked.
He wasn't typing his report when the computer froze.
We weren't cooking dinner when the fire alarm went off.
She wasn't playing with her kids when she got a headache.
They weren't playing football when it started raining heavily.
He wasn't jogging when he twisted his ankle.
We weren't watching TV when the cable went out.
She wasn't attending the party when she fell sick.
They weren't reading a book when the power went out.
He wasn't driving when the car broke down.
We weren't having a meeting when the fire alarm went off.
She wasn't playing with her dog when it barked loudly.
They weren't skiing when the fog rolled in.
He wasn't gardening when he got stung by a bee.
We weren't fishing when the boat started to sink.
She wasn't playing basketball when she twisted her ankle.
They weren't cooking dinner when they ran out of gas.
He wasn't surfing when the waves became too strong.
We weren't jogging when we saw the accident.
She wasn't chatting on the phone when her battery died.
She wasn't studying when I called her last night.
They weren't playing football because it was raining heavily outside.
I was not studying when my phone rang.
They were not working on the project at that time.
She was not dancing when I walked in.
The kids were not playing outside because it was raining.
He was not listening to music while driving.
The chef was not cooking anything when we arrived.
They were not watching TV when the power went out.
I was not exercising when I felt the muscle strain.
She was not talking to her friend on the phone.
The dog was not barking when we came home.
He was not swimming in the pool at that moment.
The train was not moving because of a technical glitch.
They were not eating breakfast when I joined them.
She was not taking a bath when the fire alarm went off.
The birds were not chirping because it was too cold.
I was not writing an essay at that time.
They were not playing video games all day long.
She was not wearing her glasses while driving.
The wind was not blowing during the heat wave.
He was not listening to his colleague's presentation.
The teacher was not grading papers at that time.
They were not traveling abroad last summer.
She was not singing in the shower.
The construction workers were not drilling at night.
I was not attending the meeting when they made the announcement.
They were not studying for their exams during the party.
She was not knitting a sweater during her lunch break.
The river was not flowing due to a dam upstream.
He was not attending the concert with his friends.
The security guard was not checking IDs at the gate.
They were not painting the walls at that moment.
She was not drinking coffee in the morning.
The baby was not crying despite being hungry.
He was not taking a nap in his room.
I was not playing the piano when she called.
They were not camping in the woods during the winter.
She was not wearing her favorite dress to the party.
The flowers were not blooming due to lack of water.
He was not playing football with his friends.
The singer was not performing at the concert.
They were not jogging in the park in the morning.
She was not wearing her hair in a bun at that moment.
The sun was not shining because of the clouds.
I was not shopping for clothes on that day.
They were not renovating their house during the pandemic.
She was not practicing yoga in the evening.
He was not eating dinner with his family.
The clock was not ticking because the battery died.
What were you doing at this time yesterday?
Were you sleeping when I called you?
What were you watching on TV last night?
Were you cooking dinner when the power went out?
What were you thinking about when I asked you that question?
Were you walking the dog when it started to rain?
What were you studying when I walked into the room?
Were you reading a book when your friend came over?
What were you listening to on your headphones just now?
Were you cleaning your room when your mom called you?
What were you doing when you heard the news?
Were you playing video games when your dad walked in?
What were you eating for breakfast this morning?
Were you jogging in the park when you saw your friend?
What were you discussing with your colleagues during the meeting?
Were you dancing with your friends at the party last night?
What were you writing in your notebook just now?
Were you shopping for groceries when you ran into your neighbor?
What were you learning in your online class this morning?
Were you painting a picture when your sister interrupted you?
What were you doing when the phone rang?
Were you driving to work when you got stuck in traffic?
What were you wearing when you met your partner?
Were you working on your computer when the internet went down?
What were you discussing with your doctor during the appointment?
Were you playing soccer when you twisted your ankle?
What were you drinking at the bar last night?
What were you researching on the internet just now?
Were you waiting for the bus when you saw your friend?
What were you smelling when you entered the bakery?
Were you playing the guitar when your roommate came home?
What were you feeling when you received the news?
Were you laughing with your friends during lunch break?
What were you smelling when you walked into the garden?
Were you attending a concert when it started to rain?
What were you discussing with your partner during the car ride?
Were you swimming in the pool when your mom called you?
What were you thinking about during your morning meditation?
Were you playing with your cat when the delivery arrived?
What were you dreaming about last night?
Were you attending a seminar when you met your colleague?
What were you talking about with your siblings during dinner?
Were you brushing your teeth when the phone rang?
What were you feeling when you met your childhood friend after years?
Were you doing your laundry when your roommate asked you a question?
What were you watching on the internet just now?
Were you playing with your kid in the park when you saw your neighbor?
What were you wearing when you attended your graduation ceremony?
Were you studying in the library when your phone battery died?